Ah.
I don't think it's a problem, just me practicing medicine
50%, you don't understand
So since you like it
I'll send it to you.
Uh hey hey hey uh
I don't know where my little friend is from.
Master teacher Wuji first treated Wuji
Yeah, but
The teacher has been around for many years
Well, meet up
Get a touch of the senior style
I have a favor to ask in advance
You say hey
Are you playing around with the West recently?
Right? You understand?
Uh, how?
Just three games for you
You want me to help you improve the purity of your pills
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Do you have a request?
It's ok.
When can it start now?
Are you sure? I called someone to deliver the medicine.
Tell you
I have called my friends on the road
They'll be here soon.
I must see this picture today
Hey
If you offend Master Luo, what else is there for him to eat?
How was Haha Luo's hour?
Are you afraid?
Always rest assured.
I already called my friend on the road
They'll be here soon.
This this this
He wasn't scared silly, was he?